# Summary of the Story
The _real_ story is that Nancy's mother trapped her in isolation with a psychiatrist named Dr. Waltz Ingman so that she could discover why she is so obssessed with solving all the world's mysteries instead of getting a steady job, getting married, and settling down even if it is with that Ned character. Ingman is fine with the situation so long as he is paid and taken care of in the apartment. However, in the instance that the case was too much for him to handle, he created an elaborate series of puzzles so that he could get out, leaving Nancy behind.

Nancy's father is not keen on the whole situation and found the plans to Ingman's puzzle. He cannot get the information directly to Nancy though and must give her subtle clues through the notes that her mother leaves her every now and again. Nancy discovers the truth - that her mom sent her to the apartment for forced scrutiny - and confronts Dr. Ingman. Ingman breaks down and confesses the truth, but also explains that because of his careful notes on Nancy he forgot how to unlock the puzzle he set to escape. Nancy, along with a forgetful Ingman, must figure out the remainder of the puzzles to escape. 

Nancy and Ingman make it to the final puzzle only to learn that the key to escape has been removed and replaced with a note. Nancy's father, seeing the young, handsome psychiatrist and knowing his forgetful nature, hoped that by working together to solve the final puzzles, the two would grow fond of each other and fall in love. Nancy, still madly in love with Ned, now realizes that both of her parents want to keep her trapped in this apartment with Ingman. Ingman is also trapped, being forced to work by Nancy's mother and pressured into falling in love by Nancy's father. 

Nancy has to conspire with Ingman to convince her mother and father to let them out by showing her that she is "ready" for a long-term commitment with none other than the man she was trapped in the apartment with and that she is also ready to throw away her career as a sleuth away. 
